In this folder "How to test", there are many files to perform a unit test for 
python file "nearest.py".

Bad_test0.ipynb :
The unit test starts with the worse possible method: "Bad_test0.ipynb".
The file is a Jupyter notebook and in it the function "nearest_square" from 
"nearest.py" will be tested one by one manually.
While this does test the function, it's still a poor way to test because it 
isn't repeatable, requires you to type these in manually and doesn't tell you if
it's returning the correct answer.

bad_test1.py:
This is better because the test code is now on a file that can be run repeated
without much work.
But it's still not telling you wheter the function is returning the right 
answers. Therefore you still have to check manually. Still pretty slow.

bad_test2.py:
This is better than previous file, because at least you know what the correct 
answer is. But it is not ideal, because you still have to compare manually the 
returned answer with the correct answer.

bad_test3.py:
The "assert" is used in this file to ensure that the returned answer is
identical to the correct answer. This is much better, since it checks the result
automatically. However, when something fails i.e. the returned answer is not 
identical to the correct answer, it stops the programm. The result is messy.
Ideally the test should run all the test programm and let you know which one 
failed and which one succeeded. This can't happen if it's stop with every 
failure. 

test_good0.py: 
Fortunately there are great tools in python, that can be used for unit test.
The module to test calls "pytest".
To perform the pytest on terminal, you have to first using "cd" command to 
navigate to the folder, where the test file located.
Now by typing in "pytest", the terminal will execute all testfiles with prefix:
test_... 
All test functions should start with test_... as well for pytest to recognize 
and run them.
Warning: avoid using a space in name files or folders, because the terminal
cannot find files or folder with spaces as name.
Best practice for the test file:
It's wise to use only an assert command for each test function. Otherwise you
wouldn't know how many tests failed and which test failed.
Since what we see is only which test functions failed.

